# CS-330 - Thomas Hotchkiss - Section R4857

This project has helped me practice some of the more creative aspects of software design.  Since many of the aspects of the final project were covered in the earlier milestones, I started by reviewing any feedback from these, and then integrating these elements or features into the main project.  After that, I made any modifications and extensions necessary to complete the full program.  As I worked, I ran the program after nearly every change, to test that what I added had the intended impact.  At the end, I reviewed the rubric and system requirements again to ensure I had delivered on each of them. One aspect of this process that I could see myself using in the future is the practice of making minor code edits, and testing them as I go.  This project had a lot of trial and error when it came to modifying various parameters for rendering the scene.  Some of it could be done through calculation, but things like lighting and positioning are essentially subjective to determine what looks the best.  This iterative process can help avoid creating major issues by not modularizing changes enough.  If you make small changes and test as you go, you're less likely to run into roadblocks late in the project.  As I worked through the milestones and ultimately the final project, I tried to focus on improving code style as I went by breaking things into smaller functions and adding documentation.  Overall understanding graphics and visualizations can help to add high quality graphical representations of objects as a part of programming.  Ultimately software is created to serve end users, who may not be technically inclined.  Adding graphics to the UI/UX stack can help to simplify things to be useable by a wider audience.
